{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Chalkduster;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c12195\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1 \cf2 Grade: check + (see comment on last part re: gnuplot)
\f0 \cf0 \
-----Round-Off Errors with Quadratic Equations-----\
2. First and foremost, formatting matters a lot, depending on what kind of program and what kind of editor you are using. Whitespace alone can cause a lot of issuese when compilin the code, however formatting is also important for readability.\
\
3. \
error: \'ebout\'ed was not declared in this scope\
   43 | out << "a = " << a << ", b = " << b << ", c = " << c;\
\
error: \'ebdisc\'ed was not declared in this scope\
   45 | disc = pow (b * b - 4. * a * c, 0.5); \
\
error: \'ebsetprecision\'ed was not declared in this scope\
   53 | cout << fixed << setprecision (16) << x1 << "   " << x2;\
\
error: unused variable \'ebx1p\'ed [-Werror=unused-variable]\
   48 | float x1p = -2. * c / (b + disc);\
\
error: unused variable \'ebx2p\'ed [-Werror=unused-variable]\
   50 | float x2p = (-2. * c) / (b - disc);\
\
\
-----Summing in Different Orders-----\
1. You would just get 1, because a is too small to represent in single. Answer: 1.000000000000000\
2. I think that a might get rounded up a decimal or something like that, so you might get somethwere from 1.5 to 2.0? Answer: 1.532383680343628\
\
3. In double, I think they'll be exactly 1.5 for both. Answer: up: 1.4999999992, Down: 1.4999999999\
\
\
4. ############pseudocode##########\
up and down both start at 1\
for 10000000 times,\
	up = use the up from last time and add 5*10^-8\
\
	down = take 5*10^-8 and add the down from last time\
#######\
similar, only difference is where we add 1\
7. Single:\
	Up: I don't think it will change, because the same applies. (RIGHT)\
	Down: It will be higher, somewhere but not above 2.0 still (ALMOST RIGHT, its IS 2.0!)\
   Double:\
	Up: Will be close to six, but... (RIGHT)\
	Down: This will be even CLOSER to six! (RIGHT)\
\
-----Bessel 1: Making Another Plot with Gnuplot-----\
I was able to complete 1 and 2, however for some reason my terminal cannot connect to the x display, i've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it, but will continue to look for a solution.  
\f1 \cf2 Let me know if you are still having problems\'97 I\'92m happy to help in class. Otherwise, feel free to use python/matplotlib if we can\'92t resolve the issue.}